

 Assignment-2
~~~~~~~~~~~~
1. Is it possible to disable JavaScript in browser?  If yes, How to disable javascript in browser?

If you’re tired of using JavaScript, do the following:

Click on the “Gear” icon to open Options, followed by “Internet Options.”
Then, hit “Security,” and “Custom Level. ”
Next, scroll to “Scripting” and choose the box that says “ Disable.”
Congrats, you have successfully disabled JavaScript.


2. What is the difference between undefined and not defined in JavaScript?
"undefined" indicates that a variable has been declared but not given a value,
 while "not defined" indicates that a variable does not exist.

3. Difference between ==  and ===?
= is called as assignment operator, == is called as comparison operator 
whereas It is also called as comparison operator.

4. What does the isNaN() function?
isNaN() The isNaN() function determines whether a value is NaN when converted to a number.

5. Difference between Client side JavaScript and Server side JavaScript?

1. Client-side scripting : 
Web browsers execute client-side scripting. It is used when browsers have all code.
 Source code is used to transfer from webserver to user’s computer over the internet and run directly on browsers.
 It is also used for validations and functionality for user events. 

It allows for more interactivity. It usually performs several actions without going to the user. 
It cannot be basically used to connect to databases on a web server.
These scripts cannot access the file system that resides in the web browser. 
Pages are altered on basis of the user’s choice. It can also be used to create “cookies” that store data on the user’s computer. 

2. Server-side scripting : 
Web servers are used to execute server-side scripting. 
They are basically used to create dynamic pages.
 It can also access the file system residing at the webserver.
 A server-side environment that runs on a scripting language is a web server. 
Scripts can be written in any of a number of server-side scripting languages available. 
It is used to retrieve and generate content for dynamic pages. It is used to require to download plugins.
 In this load times are generally faster than client-side scripting. When you need to store and retrieve information a database will be used to contain data.
 It can use huge resources of the server. It reduces client-side computation overhead. 
The server sends pages to the request of the user/client. 

6. Practical :  Write a JavaScript code to display Employee details as follows in console window: 
				Empno : 12645,  Ename  :  Scott,  Job : Manager, Salary :  45000
